FL Hassan Noms the deputy mayor of
Jerusalem joins us live from West
Jerusalem good to have you with us so
today seven children members of the
bakri family were killed by an Israeli
air strike overnight do you condemn the
killing of Palestinian children by
Israeli
forces I think um any child that dies in
the process of war is tragic they didn't
do anything but I feel very very grieved
at the 200 hostages that Hamas have who
are victims of a war crime one thing is
war and things happen not purposefully
the Israeli Army does not Target
Palestinian children unfortunately Hamas
uses them as human Shields and puts them
in strategic places so that they can say
look what the Israelis did but Hamas the
terrorist genocidal group run by Iran
they actually purposely Target children
and women raping women beheading babies
and let me tell you what uh that we
found today an
autic I do have to jump in I'm sorry I
do I do need to jump in because you
haven't answered the
question I didn't ask you about what
Hamas is doing let me repeat I'm not
asking you whether it's tragic let let
me just this is how an interview
works let me pose the question to you
please do you condemn the Israeli
military's killing of seven children of
the al-bakri family I'm not asking you
if you think it's tragic I'm not asking
you how you feel about hamas's attacks
we have condemned and I've given very
hard interviews on October the 8th to
Hamas officials but I'm asking you to
answer the question do you condemn the
killing of seven children yes or
no I think it's tragic that seven
children died today it doesn't matter
who they are whether they're Palestinian
or Israeli are you viewers will will
notice FL that you are not condemning
the Israeli military killing of seven
children how how would you respond to
those who say well let me finish let me
finish the question let me finish the
question let me finish the the question
how would you no I haven't finished the
question please this is how a
conversation Works how would you respond
to those who will say that by failing to
condemn what international let me read
you a statement by Amnesty International
concerning the killings of children it
says on October the 19th it's
saying okay we'll come to whether
they're neutral or not they're saying
quote they concern learned about
violations of international humanitarian
law by Israeli forces in Gaza they go on
to reference air strikes pounding
residential buildings killing children
they are blaming Israeli forces not
Hamas not human shields for killing
Israeli children of Palestinian children
by not recognizing that how do you
respond to those who say you're not
giving the same value to palestin
babies and children as you are to
Israelis that's not true and then let me
tell you what the differen is when you
condemning means that somebody went and
purpose purposefully did something the
Israeli Army does not purposely go to
kill children unfortunately children and
adults and all people can be the
casualties of War there's a difference
between being a casualty of War which is
tragic and going and purposefully
targeting children and that I would
condemn whoever did that so what you're
then telling viewers Flur is you've
dismissed amnesty as not
neutral yes let me finish please I
didn't interrupt you I didn't interrupt
you FL you must let me ask the question
please so what you're saying to viewers
is that what B selum an Israeli an
Israeli human rights organization says
when it talks about a criminal policy of
Revenge is underway in its October the
10th statement by giving an order to
prefer quote to prefer damage over
Precision has been carried out and
saying this constitutes quote war crimes
openly ordered by top Israeli officials
are you saying also bat selum are wrong
and they don't know how to assess theic
categorically they're wrong because we
warn we warn people we we warn the
people of Northern Gaza to move to
Southern Gaza specifically and precisely
because we know that the Hamas
infrastructure there's a whole City
Underground full of weapons full of
Rocket full of rocket launchers and
because we didn't want innocent
civilians In Harm's Way We asked them to
move out of the way so yes I condemn
Amnesty International which everybody
knows is biased and corrupt to it cor
and betm who' lost their marbles okay
we'll leave the viewers to judge that
I'm wondering do you also then condemn
as biased and lost their marbles 48 un
experts who say quote in a
statement we strongly condemn Israel's
indiscriminate military attacks against
the already exhausted Palestinian people
of Gaza there is no justification for
violence
that indiscriminately targets innocent
civilians whether by Hamas or Israeli
forces this is absolutely prohibited
under international law and amounts to a
war crime are you telling viewers
amnesty is wrong B selem has lost its
Marbles and the UN exp 48 un experts are
also biased and
wrong well all you have to do is look at
the UN schools in Gaza and the West Bank
to know you're not answering the
question you're not answering the
question you're not you're not answering
the question please answer the question
you're not letting me answer you're not
letting me answer the question and get
to my point what I'm saying is how can I
hold un so-called experts to any type of
expert opinion when they are managing a
curriculum that teaches hatred and how
to kill Jews anti-semitic and completely
obsessed with the right of return which
is the destruction of Israel these are
the same un experts so your answer is
that they are Fanatics because they
believe in a right of return I never use
the word Fanatics okay okay you're
discrediting them for Palestinians
perhaps the right
of destruction of the state of isra let
me ask you something do you believe in
the right of existence of the state of
Israel okay this is how an interview
Works FLIR I ask you question why don't
you answer the question believe what's
the point what's the point of you
interviewing me when you don't believe
my right to exist I've never said that
of course and everything if you go back
I'm asking you the question do you very
easily I believe you have a right to ex
exist and that is not up for discussion
I've answered your question very simply
and clearly I haven't danced around it
by
referencing School curriculum you've got
to let me speak this is how an interview
Works would you also say Human Rights
Watch is wrong when they said in their
statement of October the 9th Israeli
authorities cutting off electricity to
Gaza amounts to unlawful Collective
punishments which is a war crime are
they
wrong well first of all what you have to
ask yourself is why doesn't Hamas have
its own electricity grid why has it been
21 years since we left Gaza of you're
still not answering the question is it a
war crime why don't Egypt help them out
is it a war crime it's not a war crime
all right what do you make of the United
Nations special
raur who said quote Israel has imposed
upon Palestine an aparti reality in a
post-apartheid
world is has he lost his
marbles well let's talk about what aarte
actually is because I think this word is
kind of thrown around willy-nilly and it
actually I think think insults the South
African so the doesn't know
what system yes I I the Palestinian
Authority in the West Bank are
autonomous to 94% of the people living
in the West Bank in 2005 Israel left the
Gaza Strip in the Hope in the hope that
the Palestinians would have an
autonomous region that they could build
into a state and instead of building
saying to viewers the UN doesn't know
what a into they built it no aparte
means different rules in in the same
country we're not the same country Gaza
is no longer Israeli territory the West
Bank is not not Israeli territory it's
under the Palestinian Authority and the
only reason we have Security Forces
around area a and area B is to protect
ourselves from the terrorist hubs that
exist in the autonomous Palestinian
Authority territory that's a fact and
that's the truth so you're saying the UN
doesn't know what aarth this FLIR
perhaps I could read to you what Amnesty
International has said let let me okay
let hang on let me finish the question
October the 7th Amnesty International
says that Israel has a horrific track
record of committing war crimes the root
causes of these repeated cycles of
violence must be addressed it references
the illegal 16-year illegal blockade on
Gaza and quote all other aspects of
Israel's system of apartheid imposed on
Palestinians do you think that the
apartheid the occupation The Siege
there's no aparte stop throwing around a
word that is inaccurate aparte is a
specific word
for for black and white people it's not
an accurate It's a lazy term and you can
ask a South African who lived through
aparte whether he thinks what we have
here as a part let me tell you what we
have here 20% of the population of the
state of Israel are Arab Israelis full
citizens ask them if they live in an
aparte State they don't what we then
have is a Palestinian Authority that
wanted to be autonomous that is in
charge of 94% of its people that of
course don't govern very well are
extremely corrupt and then you have Gaza
where we haven't been since 2005 with a
genocidal terrorist regime they could
have built Dubai they built Beirut
that's what happened in Gaza and it's a
shame for the people of Gaza and they're
the porns not just of Hamas they're the
porns of Iran and that's the tragedy
here okay so we're going to end it there
of course you still haven't answered the
question of whether you condemn you're
willing to condemn the Israeli strikes
that are killing Israeli children but
unfortunately we're going to have to
leave it there we'll leave it for
viewers we'll leave it for viewers to
decide thank you very much for Hass n